feat(chore): cleanup and optimize import (#1008)
nwutils/nw-builder: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

How to respond to a community member or maintainer violating a guideline.

1. If an issue is created that violates a guideline a maintainer should close and lock the issue, explaining "This issue is in violation of our code of conduct. Please review it before posting again." with a link to this document.

> 2. If a member repeatedly violates the guidelines established in this document, they should be politely warned that continuing to violate the rules may result in being banned from the community. This means revoking access and support to interactions relating directly to the project (issue trackers, chatrooms, forums, in person events, etc.). However, they may continue to use the technology in accordance with its license.
> 3. If a maintainer is in violation of a guideline, they should be informed of such with a link to this document. If additional actions are required of the maintainer but not taken, then other maintainers should be informed of these inactions.
> 4. If a maintainer repeatedly violates the guidelines established in this document, they should be politely warned that continuing to violate the rules may result in being banned from the community. This means revoking access and support to interactions relating directly to the project (issue trackers, chatrooms, forums, in person events, etc.). However, they may continue to use the technology in accordance with its license. In addition, future contributions to this project may be ignored as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If a member repeatedly violates the guidelines established in this document, they should be politely warned that continuing to violate the rules may result in being banned from the community. This means revoking access and support to interactions relating directly to the project (issue trackers, chatrooms, forums, in person events, etc.). However, they may continue to use the technology in accordance with its license.
1. If a maintainer is in violation of a guideline, they should be informed of such with a link to this document. If additional actions are required of the maintainer but not taken, then other maintainers should be informed of these inactions.
1. If a maintainer repeatedly violates the guidelines established in this document, they should be politely warned that continuing to violate the rules may result in being banned from the community. This means revoking access and support to interactions relating directly to the project (issue trackers, chatrooms, forums, in person events, etc.). However, they may continue to use the technology in accordance with its license. In addition, future contributions to this project may be ignored as well.
```
